Whats do I do if my card is lost or stolen?

Yes, with our application you will be able to setup automatic bill payments.

Do I need a job letter to set up an account?
No, you do not need a job letter to set up an account. Be! Requires a proof of identification and proof of address.
Do you offer loans?
Be! Payments does not offer loans.

Current customers are happy with the ease of application for card and accounr as well as the ease of accesibility with regards to transactions.

No, we do not offer reimbursement for out of network ATM fees. 
Do you offer identity theft protection services?

What is the amount for referral bonus?
The referral bonus is the amount of GYD $500

Can I set a power of attorney or asign someone to manage my account if needed?

We have well over 400 customers

How long does a bank transfer take to reflect on my account?

Can I budget, track spending and save for financial goals?

Do you have a foreign currency account?
No, we do not provide foreign currency accounts to customers.

How can I recover my pin if I forget it?

What do you mean by prepaid mastercard?

Do you have a vacancy for work?
All of our vacancies are posted to our Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn.
 What services do you offer?
Be! offers services like digital payments, online banking, peer-to-peer money transfers, and financial management tools.
 How much do your services cost?
There is a sign-up fee/cost for card, a minimum deposit depending on your selected card, and a monthly maintenance fee of GYD$500.
There are various cards available:

Yes, you can use you Be! Card to purchase cryptocurrency, offering you a seamless and flexible way to explore digital currencies. However, we encourage you to proceed with caution, as cryptocurrency investments carry inherent risks, including market volatility and regulatory changes. We recommend conducting thorough research and consulting with a financial advisor before making any decisions. Your financial well-being is our priority, and we are here to support you in making informed choices.

We have registered since 2018.

Be! Blue –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.
Be! One Guyana – This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.

Our landline number +592-227-3587

Yes, someone from a different country can send you money using Zelle.

Yes, we do offer referral bonuses for recommending new customers.

How can I make a complaint?

You can cancel your card using either our online portal – paymenthub.hellobe.com, our app or visiting our office in person.

Does the cards come with any benefits? 
Your Be Card has so many benefits, starting with being able to get your account and debit card in 30 minutes, Mastercard Debit acccepted globally, shop securely online, online payment hub to track your transactions, user friendly AI enhanced mobile application and access to our ATMs nationwide. As we continue to grow we will roll out cash benefits and reward system.
Can I view my balance on my phone/online?

Can I send someone to uplift my card?
No, you cannot send someone to uplift your card.

Can I use this card to shop online?
Your card can be used worldwide wherever Mastercard is accepted in addition to all online merchants. You can easily top up your account using Bill Express, Massy Remittance (Surepay), MMG, Bank Transfer, or Zelle. In Guyana Scotia Bank ATMs and POS, as well as selective GBTI POS terminals.
Can I use the card in other countries?
Yes, your Be! Card can be used internationally.

There are no penaltiesor fees is you close your account.

There are various cards available:  
Be! Black –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $25,000, cost of card $5000 and maintence fee of $500.
Be! Blue –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.
Be! One Guyana – This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.

Yes, with our app you will be able to budget, track spending and save for financial goals

Are there limitations on online transfers?

Do you have an overdraft amount?

There are referal rewards.

How much money can I take out at an ATM?

How many locations do you have?

The maximum amount is determined by the ATM in use. Scotia Banks limit per withdrawl is $70,000 gyd.

Can someone from a different country send me money?

Can I view my balance on my phone/online?
Yes, you can. By using paymenthub.hellobe.com to setup your online account.
How can I sign up if I am Cuban or Venezuelan? 
To sign up you will need two forms of ID, work permit or proof of registration and proof of address.
How can I sign up if am a non-resitdent? 
Unfortunately, you will not be able to sign up for a Be! Card, one of our requirements for registration is to have proof of address in Guyana.
Do you have a vacancy for work?

Yes, you can moniter your transactions online through https://onlinebanking.hellobe.com or our app that is coming soon.

Complaints can be sent to support@hellobe.com

Can I set up automatic bill payments?

Can I link my card to apply wallet, samsung pay and google pay? 
This option will be implemented in the future.

Can I freeze my card?

Yes, your Be! Card is a prepaid mastercard and you need to add money before you can make purchases.

Can I register a company?
Yes, you can register a company with the following documents 
Business registration/Certificate of Incorporation
TIN/ Vat certificate 
Proof of Address 
Owner of the business, proof of address and proof of identification

Where is your office located?
Our office is located Pegasus Corporate Center & Suites Suite 304, Seawall Road, Georgetown, Guyana. 
What are your opening hours?
Our opening days and hours are Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm.
Is there a limit for minimum or maximum balance? 
 There is no limit for a maximum balance on your card but there is a minimum depsoit limit upon registration.
Be! Black –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $25,000, cost of card $5000 and maintence fee of $500.

Do you offer credit cards?
Be! does not offer credit cards but pre paid cards.

Are there any penalties or fees if I close the account?

How many customers do you have?

How can I reset my pin?

What is FinTech?
FinTech, short for "financial technology" makes financial transactions more efficient, inclusive, and user friendly by leveraging technology.

Can I book an appointment?
Yes, you can book a appointment  by messaging us on Whatsapp at +592-640-1999
How long does it take to setup an account?
You can setup an account in about 30 minutes.
If my card isnt being used, do you still charge the maintenance fee?
This is a monthly fee is taken out of your Be! account.

We have a costodial account and we are licensed by the Bank of Guyana

Is my money safe?

What is your landline number?

You can close your account using either our online portal – paymenthub.hellobe.com, our app or visiting our office in person.

Reloadable: Many prepaid Mastercards are reloadable, meaning you can add more money to the card as needed.

Does the card have a daily limit?
There is currently no limit with regards to online purchases.

There are currently no limitations on online transfers.

Can I create a card for someone else?
No, you cannot create a card for someone else.

Are there any annual or monthly fees?
Yes, there is a a monthly maintenance fee of GYD $500.
What are the exchange rates when shopping online?
Exchanges rate are based on the merchant in use and are subject to change without notice.
How do we send money from Zelle to the card?
You can send money from Zelle to youe Be! Card by using the email sales@caripay.cc

A new application process can be started immediately for you to receive your new card.

We have registered since 2018.

You can reset your pin using either our online portal – paymenthub.hellobe.com, our app or visiting our office in person.

Do you have a website?
Yes we do, you can find us at hellobe.com 
Do you an app?
Yes, we have a mobile application. You can download it at 
Where can the card be used?

Can I cancel my card?

What is the interest rate?
There is no interest as we offer only prepaid services.

No, we do not offer individual retirement accounts.

No, we do not offer idenity theft protection services.

Can I add someone to my account?

We offer prepaid accounts.

Is there a minimum age to sign up?
Be! is available for everyone! From ages 14 and up.

Yes, you can set a power of attorney or asign someone to manage your account is needed.

What is the amount for referral bonus?

Can you tell me more about the company?
Be! is a Financial Technology Company (FinTech) with membership to Mastercard, Visa, Amex,UPI and licensed by the Bank of Guyana. We are your digital financial hub consisting of payment and stash accounts, Mastercard debit card, payment gateway, point of sale machines, ATM's and AI enabled app. Our goal is to improve financial literacy and guide you to financial wellness by providing the necessary tools.

Do I have to call you to unlock my card?

How long have you been in business?

Yes, you can setup more than one account.

Is this service available for visa card?
This service will be avaialble for visa card in the near future.

What type of accounts do you offer?

Do you offer individual retirement account? What are the interest rates or terms?

Can you tell me more about the company?

Is there a way to moniter your transactions online?

They are often used for budgeting, as you can only spend the amount available on the card, and they can be useful for travelers, online purchases, or for people who want to limit their spending without using credit.

No we have not been involved in any mergers, scandals or legal actions that could impact stability

You cannot recover your pin but we can reset your pin for you.

Where can the card be used?
Your card can be used both locally and internationally.
What ATMs can I use the card at?
In Guyana Scotia Bank ATMs and POS, as well as selective GBTI POS terminals.
What currency can I use?
Your Be! Card can be used internationally.
Are you a bank?
No, we are not a bank. We are a FinTech, short for short for "financial technology" makes financial transactions more efficient, inclusive, and user friendly by leveraging technology.

No credit or bank account required: Since you’re only using money you’ve loaded onto the card, there’s no need for a credit check or bank account. This can make prepaid Mastercards useful for people who don’t have access to traditional banking or credit services.

Can I have more than one card?
Yes, you can have more than one Be! cards.

How do I close the account?

Here’s how it works:
Preloaded funds: You load the card with a set amount of money before you can use it, either by depositing cash or transferring money from a bank account.
Usage: You can use the card to make purchases anywhere Mastercard is accepted, just like you would with a credit or debit card. The amount you spend is deducted from the balance on the card.

No, you do not have to call to unlock your card for usage.

Can I freeze my card?
Yes, you can freeze your card from your app.

Can I update the card on my apple wallet?

No, you will not be ble to update on your apply wallet.

Are there any additional fees aside from the maintainance fee?
There are currently no additional fees aside from the maintainance fee.

No, you cannot setup a joint Be! account.

Do I need to add money to the card before I use it?

No, you cannot add someone to your account.

A prepaid Mastercard is a type of payment card that is preloaded with a specific amount of money. Unlike a credit card, which allows you to borrow money up to a credit limit, or a debit card, which is linked directly to your bank account, a prepaid Mastercard uses funds that you have already deposited onto the card.
Here’s how it works:

If you are doing bank transfers to the same Bank, it will be done instantly but transfers to third party bank accounts will take a minimum of three hours.

How long after I register can I uplift my card?
You ca uplift your card the same day once it is before the end of the working day.

Are there integrated apps or third party platforms that help with financial management? 
Our Be! Payments can assist with financial management.

Can I used this card to buy crypto?

How long will it take to replace my card if its lost or stolen?

How many locations do you have?
We currently have one location at Pegasus Corporate Center & Suites Suite 304, Seawall Road, Georgetown, Guyana.

This services is not currently available but once we have established our ATMs, it will be possible.

Yes, we do.

Are there any transactions fee at the ATMs and Point of Sale (POS)?
Transactions fees vary depending on the 
Can I register a company?

Do you offer fraud protection or alerts for suspicious activity?

What are current customers saying about your services?

Is the card in local currency or international currency?
The card is in Guyana dollars but can be used internationally.

Can I top up the card via ATM?

Our overdraft limit willl be implemented at a later date.

Has the Fintech been involved in any mergers, scandals or legal actions that could impact stability?

Be! Blue –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.
Be! One Guyana – This card requires a minimum desposit of $5,000, cost of card $1000 and maintence fee of $500.

Can I setup more than one account?

What is your Whatsapp number?

Do you have a foreign currency account?

This document serves as a guideline for responses to frequently asked questions.
How to apply for the card?
To set up your card, we will need your proof of identification and address. Please note there is a sign-up fee/cost for card, a minimum deposit depending on your selected card, and a monthly maintenance fee of GYD$500.
There are various cards available:  
Be! Black –  This card requires a minimum desposit of $25,000, cost of card $5000 and maintence fee of $500.

Can my license be my proof of address?
Yes, your license can work as your proof of address.

Are there any bonuses or perks for opening a account?

You can freeze your card with our online portal – paymenthub.hellobe.com and app

How to reload the card?
Our Be! cards can be topped up using various methods!
MMG: CARIPAY INC DBA/ BE!, #M768005
Massy Remittance (Sure Pay): CARIPAY, #000100175
Bill Express: CARIPAY
Citizen Bank: ACC# 118057770, Branch code: 10001007 (Main Branch)
Demerara Bank Limited: ACC# 4002382, Branch: 70007008 (Corporate)
Republic Bank Limited: ACC# 100000084262, Branch: 60014005 (Triumph)
GBTI Bank: ACC#001084396014, Branch: 20001-006 (Main Branch)

Can I set up a joint account?

Do you offer reimbursement for out of network ATM fees?

Our Whatsapp number is +592-640-1999

Do you offer referral bonuses for recommending new customers to the FinTech?